I thank them for their fall through the cracks typically offer my experience
were cell phone plans forget a council you know Verizon T. mobile
sprint that thing car insurance a lot of people don't counselor
car insurance services home services like you know electric you know
water cable bills and things things of that nature and also just been
you know I was a to prevent things from falling through the cracks
think about the things that you do daily and how it may change when
you transfer I just think simple things simple and think about the
basics my what changes and that'll help you to prevent things from
falling through the cracks